autopasswd is command line program that deterministically
generates a strong password based on your master password
and the service name your that ask it to generate a password
for. autopasswd will print the entered password with black
on black text so that it cannot be read visually. You can
also choose to make the output readable by a program. To
make sure that you did not mistype your master passphrase
a short Keccak hash of it will be echoed.

autopasswd uses Keccak with fully configurable parameters
to generate a password and performs 300000 sponge squeezes
by default. This number can be configured like the other
Keccak parameter, but you can also specify a bump level
that modifies it. A bump level is a number to you increase
when you need to change your password for a service.
I recommend that you use correctpony to generate your
master passphrase.

autopasswd use libpassphrase to read your passphrase from
the terminal. This is library that can be personalised at
compile time and ensures that the passphrase is not stored
in memory in any other place that its return value. This
passphrase is wipe by autopasswd from memory as soon as
possible it autopasswd makes its best to ensure that the
program cannot crash before it is wiped.

